have you decided where to holiday with
your family this year yet well if it's a
low-cost break with plenty of freedom
that you are after why not join
two-thirds of Britain's who are
considering taking a driving holiday
self-drive holidays are usually cheaper
because the prices are determined by you
and your schedule if you drive your own
car you can take the trip at your own
pace and take as much luggage as you
need if you wish to travel further
afield flying to your destination and
hiring a car gives you more freedom to
explore before setting off make sure you
have enough to keep you and the kids
entertained with things like music
snacks a local phrase book and some
games and then there are the driving
essentials like a map and car insurance
if you're taking your own vehicle
we've got three children and the dog we
put all the luggage in the car we've got
the dog in and we just go and the kids
for them it's all the holiday started we
find the advantages of going on self
drive holidays because actually we've
actually got three children so we tend
to stay with self drive holidays because
that's easy for us to manage we can stop
one we want to we can have snacks and
drinks they can play games in the back
of the car they can keep themselves
entertained more to get a self-drive
holiday does appeal to you very much if
you're hiring your car then sorting your
insurance before you leave will help
avoid expensive excess waiver policies
that car hire companies will want to
sell you protecting yourself with
companies like insurance for car hire
calm will not only give you a safety net
against high excess charges but will
also cover you for damage to things like
the tires that windows the roof and the
undercarriage of your hire car and
that's covered that other policies may
not include and that could end up
costing you a pretty penny the end of
your holiday
insurance for car hire calm will also
cover you for knocks and bumps on your
journey as well as offering it's just a
text help service a 24-7 emergency
assistance when you're abroad with
multilingual health there's also one
important question that as a mom I know
many parents will be thinking how else
do we keep the children amused while
they're in the car they play the waving
game where they wave to all the cars
that go past and they see how many
people can wave to them sometimes we
play well to look like kids sometimes we
play games in the back of the car like
spot the number plates they read or as
you can see ones on his PSP and they do
things like that really we don't tend to
have too much trouble keeping them
entertained if they've got something to
do with it other toys are it electronic
stuff that's on today well I've got
their DVD fair there mp3 player they
read they've got quiz books um we play
iSpy we play guess what's in the lorry
the latest game is who can spot the most
expensive car self-drive holidays are
becoming increasingly popular so one
great tip to keep the kids entertained
is to give them a camera and a journal
so that they can record the journey or
of course there's good old-fashioned ice
you can find my top 10 driving routes
and more of my tips on enjoying a
self-drive holiday as well as a cheaper
alternative to expensive excess waiver
policies at insurance for car hire calm